# vending-machine
Discussion of a graduation project: “Allah will raise those who have believed among you and those who have been given knowledge by degrees; and Allah is Aware of what you do.” Praise be to God, by whose grace good deeds are accomplished. Praise be to God, many good thanks. Blessed is there that no path has ended, no effort has ended, and no endeavor has been completed except by your grace, O Lord of the Worlds. Praise be to God in words and deeds, thanks and satisfaction... It has been completed, thank God. الوسومات (هاشتاغ)#Graduation Project Discussion 

A vending machine is an automated machine that dispenses items such as snacks, beverages, cigarettes, and lottery tickets to consumers after cash, a credit card, or other forms of payment are inserted into the machine or otherwise made. The first modern vending machines were developed in England in the early 1880s and dispensed postcards. Vending machines exist in many countries and, in more recent times, specialized vending machines that provide fewer common products compared to traditional vending machine items have been created. After payment has been tendered, a product may become available by: The machine releases it, so that it falls into an open compartment at the bottom, or into a cup, either released first, or put in by the customer. Some products need to be prepared to become available. For example, tickets are printed or magnetized on the spot, and coffee is freshly concocted. One of the most common forms of vending machine, the snack machine, often uses a metal coil which when ordered rotates to release the product.

                                                                                 #Walied Abdel Salam# 
